"A closed mouth gathers no feet."
"A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking."
"A cynic is only a frustrated optimist."
"A fanatic is one who can't change his mind, and won't change the subject."
"An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly."
"Do not mistake temptation for opportunity."
"Flattery will go far tonight."
"He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at."
"He who laughs last is laughing at you."
"He who throws dirt is losing ground."
"Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies."
"The greatest danger could be your stupidity."
"The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl."
"You will be hungry again in one hour."
"You can always find happiness at work on Friday."
"Confucius say: if you think you’re going to sum up your whole life in a fortune, you’re crazy."
"A starship ride has been promised to you by the galactic wizard."
"A tub and a rub will change your day."
"Because of your melodic nature, the moonlight never misses an appointment."
"Confucius say you have heart as big as Texas."
"Don’t behave with cold manners."
"Don’t forget you are always on our minds."
"Fortune not found? Abort, Retry, Ignore."
"Help! I am being held prisoner in a Chinese bakery."
"It’s about time I got out of that cookie."
"Never forget a friend. Especially if he owes you."
"Never wear your best pants when you go to fight for freedom."
"Only listen to the fortune cookie; disregard all other fortune telling units."
"Someone will invite you to a Karaoke party."
"Suppose you can get what you want."
"That wasn’t chicken."
"There is no mistake so great as that of being always right."
"You love Chinese food."
"You will gain admiration from your peers."
"You will receive a fortune."
"Accept that some days you’re the pigeon, and some days you’re the statue."
"Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them."
"Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. - Bill Cosby"
"Don’t fry bacon in the nude."
"Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things. - George Carlin"
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. - Milton Berle"
"The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age. - Lucille Ball"
"When everything’s coming your way, you’re in the wrong lane."
"You seek to find meaning from a little slip of paper inside a cookie. You are gullible."
"The fortune you seek is in another cookie."
"Confucius say:  The road to riches is paved with homework."
"Accept that some days you’re the pigeon, and some days you’re the statue."
"Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them."
"Don’t fry bacon in the nude."
"When everything’s coming your way, you’re in the wrong lane."
"You will be hungry again in one hour."
"You can always find happiness at work on Friday."
"You will live long enough to become a burden to your children, if you haven’t already."
"We will still need you and feed you when you’re 64. But all bets are off at 65."
"You will become your parents."
"Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it."
"Don’t sweat the petty things and don’t pet the sweaty things."
"If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door."
"The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age."
"Meh."
"People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do."
"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive."
"A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice."
"When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity."
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night."
"Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes."
"Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company."
"A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often."
"If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts."
"Any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid."
"Weather forecast for tonight: dark."
"Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please."
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else."
"Between two evils, always pick the one you've never tried before."
“Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.”
“Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is ajar”
“Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that's exactly the way we want it to be.”
“Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun.”
“To Do Today: 1. Sit and think  2. Reach enlightenment  3. Feed the cats”
“The way out is through the door. Why is it that no one will use this method?”
“The truth knocks on the door and you say, "Go away, I'm looking for the truth," and so it goes away. Puzzling.”
“Letting go is the lesson."
“Only the hand that erases can write the true thing.”
“Flow with whatever may happen, and let your mind be free: Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.”
“It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.”
“It is easy to believe we are each waves and forget we are also the ocean.”
“I have lived with several Zen masters -- all of them cats.”
“Many have died; you also will die. The drum of death is being beaten. The world has fallen in love with a dream. Only sayings of the wise will remain.”
“The world is filled with love-play, from animal lust to sublime compassion.”
“When you've understood this scripture, throw it away. If you can't understand this scripture, throw it away. I insist on your freedom.”
“Where there are humans, You'll find flies, And Buddhas.”
“The ultimate goal of farming is not the growing of crops, but the cultivation and perfection of human beings.”
“A student, filled with emotion and crying, implored, "Why is there so much suffering?" Suzuki Roshi replied, "No reason.”
“Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet.”
“If you are unable to find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?”
“Like vanishing dew,a passing apparition or the sudden flash of lightning -- already gone --thus should one regard one's self.”
“In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert’s there are few”
“Not thinking about anything is Zen. Once you know this, walking, sitting, or lying down, everything you do is Zen.”
“When the mind is exhausted of images, it invents its own.”
“Preoccupied with a single leaf you won't see the tree.”
“Haiku is not a shriek, a howl, a sigh, or a yawn; rather, it is the deep breath of life.”
“The more you know, the less you need.”
“This accidental meeting of possibilities calls itself I. I ask: what am I doing here? And, at once, this I becomes unreal.”
“Consider your own place in the universal oneness of which we are all a part, from which we all arise, and to which we all return.”
“Who we are now is all that really matters.”
“Doffing the ego's safe glory, he finds his naked reality.”
“Crying is for plain women. Pretty women go shopping.”
“A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.”
“If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out.”
“If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?”
“If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.”
“Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.”
“Short cuts make long delays.”
“Everybody does have a book in them, but in most cases that's where it should stay.”
“When in doubt, ignore and be horribly unimpressed”
“A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.”
“Sometimes life is a shit flavored Popsicle.”
“All of humanity's problems stem from man's inability to sit quietly in a room alone.”